Write modeToggle docs (#323)
mintlify/mint: docs/settings/global.mdx

  top of every page. Defaults to `false`
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="modeToggle" type="ModeToggle">
  Customize the dark mode toggle.
  <Expandable title="ModeToggle">

>     <ResponseField name="default" type="string">

Reviewer: Make the type an enum "dark" | "light"

      Set if you always want to show light or dark mode for new users. When not

>       set, we default to showing in the same mode as the user's operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Set if you always want to show light or dark mode for new users. When not
      set, we default to showing the mode of the user's operating system.
```
